feat: geocoding feedback api documentation (#100)
MapColonies/developer-portal: docs/MapColonies/vector/Services/feedback-api/README.md

Author: You said you'll do this.

---
id: vector-feedback-api-service
slug: info
title: Geocoding's Feedback Api ⚙️
description: Feedback of Geocoding's responses
tags:
  - vector
  - API
  - osm
  - Geocoding
---

# Geocoding's Feedback Api ⚙️

:::info
Click [here](/docs/MapColonies/vector/services/feedback-api/api) for the OpenAPI
:::

:::note
If you're not familier with Geocoding API, [read first here](/docs/MapColonies/vector/Services/geocoding/README.md).
:::

Geocoding's feedback api is an API that gets from the user of [Geocoding API](/docs/MapColonies/vector/Services/geocoding/README.md) the response and and puts it in redis for BI purposes.

## Usage

:::caution
**You will need an API token as part of the [service authentication](/docs/MapColonies/authentication). &nbsp;**
:::

> Once a user gets a response from Geocoding, the system that uses Geocoding will send the request ID and the chosen response ID back to us using the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a user gets a response from `Geocoding`, the requesting system will send the `request ID` and the chosen `response ID` back to us.
```

> Once a user gets a response from Geocoding, the system that uses Geocoding will send the request ID and the chosen response ID back to us using the API.

Reviewer: Please move this to the section before `usage` and consider removing this section.

Author: You mean just remove the usage title?

            }
        },
        {
            "type": "Feature",
            "geometry": {
                "coordinates": [ [
                        [ 2.346441270696971, 48.88088750665477 ],
                        [ 2.3462780852304945, 48.88018258877358 ],
                        [ 2.347503576087604, 48.87999951892243 ],
                        [ 2.347737155284733, 48.88070864783427 ],
                        [ 2.346441270696971, 48.88088750665477 ] ] ],
                "type": "Polygon"
            },
            "properties": {
                "score": 1.2880917,
                "matches": [
                    { "layer": "osm_schools", "source": "OSM", "source_id": [ "dc02a3f9-156a-4f61-85bd-fd040cd322a3" ] } ],
                "names": { "en": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "fr": [ "Ecole Wi Paris 9" ], "default": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "display": "Wi School Paris 9" },
                "placetype": "education",
                "sub_placetype": "school",
                "regions": [ { "region": "FRANCE", "sub_region_names": [ "Paris" ] } ]
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
</details>

Notice this response listed 2 features.<br/><br/>

> When sending the response to the feedback api you need to fill 2 parameters:<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending the response to the `feedback API`, you need to provide two parameters:<br/>
```

📍 Request ID - from the header `'x-request-id'`<br/>

> 📍 Chosen Response ID - from what the user chose out of the options from the response. <br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📍 Chosen Response ID - the ID of the user's selected response (corresponding index of the result). <br/><br/>
```

Lets think of the current response as the actual response in this case:<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"White Point Elementary School"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `0`.<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"Wi School Paris 9"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `1`.<br/><br/>

```curl title="Geocoding's Feedback Api Request"
curl --location '<feedback_api_url>/feedback' \
--header 'x-api-key: <x-api-key>' \
--header 'x-user-id: <x-user-id>'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then our request to the `feedback API` would look like this:</br>
```

<details style={{"background-color": "#f6f8fa", border: "var(--ifm-alert-border-width) solid var(--ifm-alert-border-color)", "border-left-width": "var(--ifm-alert-border-left-width)", color: "black"}}> 
<summary>Response 👇</summary>

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we will receive:<br/>
```json
```

                "regions": [ { "region": "USA", "sub_region_names": [ "Los Angeles" ] } ]
            }
        },
        {
            "type": "Feature",
            "geometry": {
                "coordinates": [ [
                        [ 2.346441270696971, 48.88088750665477 ],
                        [ 2.3462780852304945, 48.88018258877358 ],
                        [ 2.347503576087604, 48.87999951892243 ],
                        [ 2.347737155284733, 48.88070864783427 ],
                        [ 2.346441270696971, 48.88088750665477 ] ] ],
                "type": "Polygon"
            },
            "properties": {
                "score": 1.2880917,
                "matches": [
                    { "layer": "osm_schools", "source": "OSM", "source_id": [ "dc02a3f9-156a-4f61-85bd-fd040cd322a3" ] } ],
                "names": { "en": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "fr": [ "Ecole Wi Paris 9" ], "default": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "display": "Wi School Paris 9" },
                "placetype": "education",
                "sub_placetype": "school",
                "regions": [ { "region": "FRANCE", "sub_region_names": [ "Paris" ] } ]
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

> </details>

Reviewer 2: Make sure to be clear that part of the response is `x-request-id` header. It is not clear here.

Author: Did it, want to make sure it's approved by Shimon

Notice this response listed 2 features.<br/><br/>
When sending the response to the `feedback API`, you need to provide two parameters:<br/>
📍 Request ID - from the header `'x-request-id'`<br/>
📍 Chosen Response ID - the ID of the user's selected response (corresponding index of the result). <br/><br/>

Lets think of the current response as the actual response in this case:<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"White Point Elementary School"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `0`.<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"Wi School Paris 9"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `1`.<br/><br/>

Then our request to the `feedback API` would look like this: <br/>

```curl title="Geocoding's Feedback Api Request"
curl --location '<feedback_api_url>/feedback' \
--header 'x-api-key: <x-api-key>' \
--header 'x-user-id: <x-user-id>'
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This is not the right curl. 
First, it isn't POST request. missing body payload

                "names": { "en": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "fr": [ "Ecole Wi Paris 9" ], "default": [ "Wi School Paris 9" ], "display": "Wi School Paris 9" },
                "placetype": "education",
                "sub_placetype": "school",
                "regions": [ { "region": "FRANCE", "sub_region_names": [ "Paris" ] } ]
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
</details>

Notice this response listed 2 features.<br/><br/>
When sending the response to the `feedback API`, you need to provide two parameters:<br/>
📍 Request ID - from the header `'x-request-id'`.<br/>
📍 Chosen Response ID - the ID of the user's selected response (corresponding index of the result). <br/><br/>

Lets think of the current response as the actual response in this case:<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"White Point Elementary School"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `0`.<br/>
📍 If the user chose `"Wi School Paris 9"`, the Chosen Response ID would be `1`.<br/><br/>

Then our request to the `feedback API` would look like this: <br/>

```curl title="Geocoding's Feedback Api Request"
curl --location --request POST '<feedback_api_url>/feedback' \
--header 'x-api-key: <x-api-key>' \

> --header 'x-user-id: <x-user-id>' \

Reviewer 2: We do not require `x-user-id` in Feedback API request
